# research_paper
My take on reality.

In the quantum realm of things. I believe we all exist as one. That doesn’t mean you lose yourself in some big ultimate version of you. It just means you were always a part of something greater. Well in the sense that you are everywhere and nowhere at once. The illusions we like to subscribe to are listed or generated by previous interactions with your environment. 

Hence the more you do the greater your “agent” will perform in any environment. 
Now if you’ve payed any attention to psychologists over the past five years or so there is a huge awakening with the psychedelic side of medicine and the world. 

I believe our ancestors and many now know that we are one consciousness experiencing all moments at once. Now the best route would be to mathematically prove these theories. But I am a programmer not a mathematician. I abstract the levels so I can better understand it in smaller chunks. 
However with the mix of classical and quantum computers models as an extension of ourselves could help us reach a higher state of being. 

The pursuit of genetic perfection is a fallacy. There is no point in achieving some goal others think is perfect. What is perfect for me is not perfect for you. There for the paths we choose to take are all different. Not a single one is the same. They may be very similar, but all realities would have a distinct difference from other versions. 
You can reach out to other realities and interact with them if similar laws of physics are in that other universe. 
Transferring to a universe with no rules or laws would require higher levels of enlightenment I have yet to achieve. Extending yourself through computer brain interface would be one method of seeing things humans cannot. There for becoming impossible humans. Always existing and having your ghost as an anchor to explore the infinite. 

I studied a bit of calculus the math of infinities. The way we perceive reality now would only cause us to short circuit and be caught in a paradox loop for a small infinity. Until the collapse would be settled.
Quasi leniar beings could break free from paradox issue. Some infinities are larger than others. You would still quantum collapse into a better state where you were able to achieve the goals you needed to or lessons you need to learn.

We would need a Quantum Computer that could leap into other realities in order to measure reality properly. Like a Quantum Tunneling action. People are talking about Quantum Supremacy right now. 
How whom ever gets to the race-line first determines reality and the way things can go. This is not true. We have lived in a Quantum Universe even before we new what quantum physics is. Our human brains have had Quantum Supremacy for as long as we have existed. Shamans have used their version of these tools for eons. We just keep forgetting our past. We will remember though. 

The brain creates a “continuous-variable quantum neural networks” as a team at MIT wrote in their paper. 
Now some brains can focus on these through re-enforcement and hyper-parameters. 
There are so many paths to this that I cannot fathom everyone’s. 
Everyone has different keys to the universe or their own universe. 
Or free will, soul, people call it all kinds of things.  

I'd like to bring up that there are better paths for us to take I hope you take them with me. 
